hello good morning here
small video of the amazing things of
Japan was good showing him by
example here as in public places
for example the hotels that we have
machines to turn it off you have to go
and only pay each contracting party
all cash after another
thing that I will also show you is what
I'm des toiles means the bathrooms
many people can be called the
bathrooms because I do not know if in Peru there are these
bathrooms but for example you enter the bathroom
open the door turn on the light you
you approach
solid now opens the news of
all
is that for example you have these buttons
where maybe it means little water
he has no word
and now what you hear look at this and
the light district has light and apart
it also has bird sounds I'm not going
speak to be heard
then like you have this music
mind inspires are birds
now another thing that we see in the workshop
has what is this board this
board is so that as you kill it you see it
automatic
so that also to dry and
so that the thing is not going to forget
of this because many people pass the
embarrassment that they enter the bathroom are
looking for the lever they can not find the
lever of the val has to escape and
leave gifts and do not be scared if
they listen to the music in equal why
these years are automatically fine in
this board after this is the
water when they have enough water is here
when you want little water, when
they urinate in this site ok
7 so that it also closes auto more
I'm saying goodbye in the detail of how
with blues music
a bath in japan